feat(commit-context): Add documentation about commit context fallback (#6466)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/issues/suspect-commits/index.mdx

## Enable Suspect Commits

> This process assumes that source maps — or your platform-specific files for mapping transformed source code to the original source — have been uploaded (check out the docs for your [specific platform](/platforms/)). Note that Sentry may not display suspect commits that were committed prior to when the integration was set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to see suspect commits, you have to first upload source maps, (or your platform-specific files for mapping transformed source code to the original source). Check out the docs for your [specific platform](/platforms/)) to learn more. Note, that Sentry may not display suspect commits that were committed prior to your integration being set up.
```

The first frame in the stack trace is considered suspect when looking at them top-down. If the first frame is not in-app, the next frame is considered suspect.

> ## Suspect Commits without Integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Suspect Commits Without Integrations
```

> 
> We support a [manual process](/product/releases/associate-commits/) for sending us your commit data if
> - you don’t want Sentry to connect to your repository
> - your organization does not have a GitHub or Gitlab integration
> - your integration has become disconnected
> 
> Sentry will attempt to find suspect commits via your Github or Gitlab integration. If this fails and you've setup the manual process, Sentry will fall back to using the release commit data to find suspect commits. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can send us your commit data [manually](/product/releases/associate-commits/) if:
- You don’t want Sentry to connect to your repository.
- Your organization doesn't have a GitHub or Gitlab integration.
- Your integration has gotten disconnected.

Sentry will attempt to find suspect commits via your Github or Gitlab integration by default. If this fails and you've set up the manual process, Sentry will fall back to using the release commit data to find suspect commits. 

```
